Add info about buckets free tier, and rewrite outdated comment (#2391)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-buckets.md

Buckets serve as staging areas for data processing workflows. Process raw data, write intermediate outputs to a bucket, then promote the final artifact to a versioned [Dataset](./datasets) repository when the pipeline completes. This keeps your versioned repo clean while giving your pipeline fast mutable storage.

> Note that transferring data from a Bucket to a repository without reuploading is not yet available, but is on the roadmap.

Reviewer: hmm this is still valid comment

Reviewer 2: probably worth clarifying this again, actually, in the `#copying-files-between-repos-and-buckets` section, as it's not crystal clear there i think

Author: Oh, OK. Indeed, from the other section, I thought everything was done on the server. Fixing it

Author: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/2391/commits/83cf4d8ab8718b91ed8c55310b174b8a17b75167

Storage Buckets are billed based on the amount of data stored, with simple per-TB pricing. Enterprise plans benefit from dedup-based billing, where shared chunks across files directly reduce the billed footprint.

As for other repositories, buckets are free to create and have a free storage allowance. You only pay if you exceed the [free tier](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/storage-limits), and you can delete files to reduce your usage at any time.

> For current pricing tiers and volume discounts, see [hf.co/storage](https://huggingface.co/storage). For general billing information, see the [Billing](./billing) documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As for other repositories, buckets are free to create and have a free storage allowance. For usage above the [free tier](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/storage-limits), see [hf.co/storage](https://huggingface.co/storage). For general billing information, see the [Billing](./billing) documentation.
```
